Try to use pre compiled header to accelerate the build (#2476)
stack-of-tasks/pinocchio: bindings/python/CMakeLists.txt

  set(PINOCCHIO_PYTHON_INSTALL_DIR ${ABSOLUTE_PYTHON_SITELIB}/${PROJECT_NAME})

  pinocchio_python_bindings_specific_type(default)

>   # Precompile Headers are used to speed up compilation of bindings. Tests were performed also on
>   # pinocchio_default, and there was no gain in using pch for the main lib, compared to the gain for
>   # bindings. PCH are used to precompile headers of other scalar types as well.
>   target_precompile_headers(${PYWRAP}_default PRIVATE
>                             ${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}/include/pinocchio/bindings/python/pch.hpp)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Precompiled headers are used to speed up compilation of the Python bindings. We have also tested 
  # precompiling headers for the main library's `pinocchio_default` target, but the time gain there was
  # negligible compared to the time gained in the Python bindings.
  # We also precompile headers for other scalar types as well.
  target_precompile_headers(${PYWRAP}_default PRIVATE
                            ${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}/include/pinocchio/bindings/python/pch.hpp)
```

  set(PINOCCHIO_PYTHON_INSTALL_DIR ${ABSOLUTE_PYTHON_SITELIB}/${PROJECT_NAME})

  pinocchio_python_bindings_specific_type(default)
  # Precompiled headers are used to speed up compilation of the Python bindings. We have also tested 
  # precompiling headers for the main library's `pinocchio_default` target, but the time gain there was
  # negligible compared to the time gained in the Python bindings.
  # We also precompile headers for other scalar types as well.

>   target_precompile_headers(${PYWRAP}_default PRIVATE

Reviewer 2: This require CMake >= 3.16, so we should update the first line of the main CMakeListst.txt
